Add docs on using `@guard` with Sanctum (#1317)
nuwave/lighthouse: docs/master/security/authentication.md

}
```

### Using Laravel Sanctum

> If you are using [Laravel Sanctum](https://laravel.com/docs/master/sanctum) to authenticate users, specify `sanctum` middleware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lighthouse will use your application's default guard, unless specified otherwise.
If you are using [Laravel Sanctum](https://laravel.com/docs/master/sanctum) only for your API,
you can set it when using `@guard`:
```

Reviewer: It is not necessary to specify `sanctum` if it is the default.

Author: Sorry, I misunderstood the authentication mechanism.
In `config/auth.php`, setting `guards.api.driver` to `sanctum` solved.

Anyway thank you  for the suggestion.
